packages/modeltest/README.md, before:

# Application test setup
The CMWB is supported with a functional testing environment to support continues development. The platform is called PyTest. A glue layer has been created to facilitate testing the three tools (FSA, Markovchains and Dataflow). This glue software is included in this directory. 

## Prerequisites and intstallation
Make sure that you have python 3.x.x installed, including pip. Also, install the three tools as explained in [packages/README.md](../README.md). Install the following packages for python.
```
$ python3.x -m pip install pytest numpy
```
Then, navigate to the folder containing this README.md file and install the package called modeltest.
```
$ python3.x -m pip install .
```

## Running the tests
Each tool can be tested seperatly by navigating to their corresponding directiories: [packages/dataflow](../dataflow/), [packages/finitestateautomata](../finitestateautomata/) or [packages/markovchains](../markovchains/). From here, execute the following line in a terminal.
```
$ python3.x -m pytest . -v -l
```
This will search through every python file with the name ```test_*``` or ```*_test``` and will execute any function with the name ```test_*``` or ```*_test```. The directory of every tool contains such a file, e.g. [packages/markovchains/markovchains/tests/test_markov.py](../markovchains/markovchains/tests/test_markov.py). This file contains all the functions that are tested for the Markovchains tool. The ```Markov_pytest``` class contains two functions, ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` and ```Incorrect_behaviour_tests```. The ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` function checks if the functionality of the Markovchain tool remains correct. The ```Incorrect_behaviour_tests``` tests if incorrect inputs remain incorrect. Tests can easily be added to either functions. The result of the ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` can be found in the output directory, i.g. [packages/markovchains/markovchains/tests/ouput/](../markovchains/markovchains/tests/output). The name of each key in the json file correspons to the name given in the ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` function.

## Adding function to tests
The tests in the ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` function require a lambda function and a name. The lambda function contains the tool function you want to test. Take the markovchain tool as an example. The name is used to store the answer in [packages/markovchains/markovchains/tests/output/].

Commit message:

added description for incorrect tests

packages/modeltest/README.md, after:

# Application test setup
The CMWB is supported with a functional testing environment to support continues development. The platform is called PyTest. A glue layer has been created to facilitate testing the three tools (FSA, Markovchains and Dataflow). This glue software is included in this directory. 

## Prerequisites and intstallation
Make sure that you have python 3.x.x installed, including pip. Also, install the three tools as explained in [packages/README.md](../README.md). Install the following packages for python.
```
$ python3.x -m pip install pytest numpy
```
Then, navigate to the folder containing this README.md file and install the package called modeltest.
```
$ python3.x -m pip install .
```

## Running the tests
Each tool can be tested seperatly by navigating to their corresponding directiories: [packages/dataflow](../dataflow/), [packages/finitestateautomata](../finitestateautomata/) or [packages/markovchains](../markovchains/). From here, execute the following line in a terminal.
```
$ python3.x -m pytest . -v -l
```
This will search through every python file with the name ```test_*``` or ```*_test``` and will execute any function with the name ```test_*``` or ```*_test```. The directory of every tool contains such a file, e.g. [packages/markovchains/markovchains/tests/test_markov.py](../markovchains/markovchains/tests/test_markov.py). This file contains all the functions that are tested for the Markovchains tool. The ```Markov_pytest``` class contains two functions, ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` and ```Incorrect_behaviour_tests```. The ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` function checks if the functionality of the Markovchain tool remains correct. The ```Incorrect_behaviour_tests``` tests if incorrect inputs remain incorrect. Tests can easily be added to either functions. The result of the ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` can be found in the output directory, i.g. [packages/markovchains/markovchains/tests/ouput/](../markovchains/markovchains/tests/output). The name of each key in the json file correspons to the name given in the ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` function.

## Adding function to tests
The tests in the ```Correct_behaviour_tests``` function require a lambda function and a name. The lambda function contains the tool function you want to test. Take the markovchain tool as an example. The name is used to store the answer in [packages/markovchains/markovchains/tests/output/]. The lambda function includes the markovchain function that will be tested, with its corresponding variables. Take the following example for testing the functionality of the ```executeSteps()``` function from the markovchain tool. With the following test, the ```executeSteps()``` function is tested for ```15``` steps. The result is compared with the result saved in the [packages/markovchains/markovchains/tests/ouput/](../markovchains/markovchains/tests/output) file.

```
self.function_test(lambda: self.model.executeSteps(15), "executeSteps_15")
```

The ```Incorrect_behaviour_tests()``` function requires a lambda function and an expected result as inputs. This is done to ensure that the engineer adding incorrect tests do not have to check the output file for the correctness of the fault message.
